Zhou Shao, don't worry, Miss Xu?
No danger to life
Just a mild concussion
Just go home and have a good rest
Thanks.
boss
Maddie, that woman, I've already found someone to level it
How do you deal with it?
Deal with this kind of woman
Dirty my hands
Teach her a lesson
Throw it to Wang Rongchang
Warn him
Next time
I let him stay in Harbor City, I'll arrange it now
I asked the housekeeper to buy the pajamas.
I don't know if you like it or not
that
Is that underwear too?
I picked out the underwear
No one else knows your size
I don't blame your girlfriend
To express sincerity
I'll give you another gift.
That necklace was tainted by the model
throw away
No.
I don't want anything.
I just want you to coax me
If you had admitted earlier that you were my woman
No one dares to hide from you
I was being a lover.
And you blame me? You blame me?
Blame me for not protecting you
If anything a man says in bed is unbelievable